docs: Improve AWS service file documentation (#8003)
serverless/serverless: docs/providers/aws/guide/intro.md

```

_serverless.json_

```json
{
  "service": "users",
  "functions": {
    "usersCreate": {
      "events": [
        {
          "http": "post users/create"
        }
      ]
    },
    "usersDelete": {
      "events": [
        {
          "http": "delete users/delete"
        }
      ]
    }
  },
  "resources": {}
}
```

The Framework also handles natively exporting JSON object from a Javascript file `serverless.js` or from a Typescript file `serverless.ts` at the root directory of the project. While the Framework is language-agnostic, projects written in Node.js will highly benefit from using the same language for the service definition file. Such service file looks like this:

_serverless.js_

```js
'use strict';

module.exports = {
  service: 'users',
  functions: {
    usersCreate: {
      events: [
        {
          http: 'post users/create',
        },
      ],
    },
    usersDelete: {
      events: [
        {
          http: 'delete users/delete',
        },
      ],
    },
  },
  resources: {},
};
```

_serverless.ts_

```ts
// Requiring @types/serverless in your project package.json

> import { Serverless } from 'serverless/aws';

Reviewer: Is `serverless/aws` path correct? To me it looks as it leads to not existing resource

Author: The definitelyTyped librairy has an `aws.d.ts` at the root of the lib exporting AWS from `./plugins/aws/provider/awsProvider` -> https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped/blob/master/types/serverless/aws.d.ts

Reviewer: Ok, so that path is not resolved by Node.js rules, that's quite confusing (as regular ESM import is used)

> import { Serverless } from 'serverless/plugins/aws/provider/awsProvider';

Reviewer: Can you explain a bit more how resolution of that path works in context of TypeScript

First you state _"Requiring @types/serverless"_ while what's actually imported `serverless/plugins/aws/provider/awsProvider` which per Node.js rules doesn't point to any existing module.

Does TypeScript overrides Node.js native ESM support and replaces it with some different file system space?

Author: Hi @medikoo, `@types` is part of how typescript work and refers to definition files hosted in https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped . It can be confusing as it looks like you're importing from the serverless module, while all you're really doing is importing definitions from @types/serverless that will be totally erased at runtime.

You can find a discussion dividing the community in https://github.com/microsoft/TypeScript/issues/16472

Another more explicit solution is updating the import line to specify that this is solely types import using `import type` instead of `import` - https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/release-notes/typescript-3-8.html . The result  is the same. I updated the PR and the exemple accordingly :)

Reviewer: @fredericbarthelet so in TypeScript `import` is purely for requiring from `@types`? Does it mean it's not compatible with ESM standard? e.g. you cannot use `import` to require regular Node.js ESM modules?

If so, can you please add a comment stating as:

```
// Note: In TypeScript `import` just imports type definitions from `@types/*` project (it doesn't follow standard ESM rules)
```

At least, it won't be confusing to developers which are not aware of that.

Reviewer: Or probably better (more consise) comment would be:

```
// Requiring @types/serverless in your project package.json
// (In TypeScript import paths are resolved in non standard way, see: https://github.com/microsoft/TypeScript/issues/16472)
```

Reviewer: > Another more explicit solution is updating the import line to specify that this is solely types import using import type instead of import... The result is the same. I updated the PR and the example accordingly :)

Thanks, that should be good enough! (sorry saw that with delay)

const serverlessConfiguration: Serverless = {
  service: 'users',
  functions: {
    usersCreate: {
      events: [
        {
          http: 'post users/create',
        },
      ],
    },
    usersDelete: {
      events: [
        {
          http: 'delete users/delete',
        },
      ],
    },
  },
  resources: {},
};

module.exports = serverlessConfiguration;
```

When you deploy with the Framework by running `serverless deploy`, everything in the service configuration file is deployed at once.

> > For the sake of simplicity, most code snippet detailed in this documentation only refer to the `serverless.yml` YAML service file format. However, all functionnalities work as well is the other available service file formats.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> For the sake of simplicity, most code snippet detailed in this documentation only refer to the `serverless.yml` YAML service file format. However, all functionalities work as well in the other available service file formats.
```
